[AUTO-MERGE] Merge main into develop via merge-main-to-develop (#1256)
kedro-org/kedro: docs/source/tutorial/tutorial_template.md

.. note::  If your project has ``conda`` dependencies, you can create a ``src/environment.yml`` file and list them there.
```

The dependencies above may be sufficient for some projects, but for this tutorial you need to add some extra requirements. These will enable us to work with different data formats (including CSV, Excel and Parquet) and to visualise the pipeline.

Edit your `src/requirements.txt` file to include the following lines:

```text
kedro[pandas.CSVDataSet, pandas.ExcelDataSet, pandas.ParquetDataSet]==0.17.6   # Specify optional Kedro dependencies
kedro-viz~=4.0                                                                 # Visualise your pipelines

> openpyxl>=3.0.6, <4.0                                                          # Use modern Excel engine (will not be required in 0.18.0)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

scikit-learn~=1.0                                                              # For modelling in the data science pipeline
```

To install all the project-specific dependencies, navigate to the root directory of the project and run:

```bash
pip install -r src/requirements.txt
```

> You can find out more about [how to work with project dependencies](../kedro_project_setup/dependencies.md) in the Kedro project documentation. In a [later step of this tutorial](./create_pipelines.md#update-dependencies), we will modify project's dependencies to illustrate how, once you have installed project-specific dependencies, you can update them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can find out more about [how to work with project dependencies](../04_kedro_project_setup/01_dependencies.md) in the Kedro project documentation.
```
